add a note about the code of the keys being different in Cadence vs A… (#774)
onflow/flow: docs/content/concepts/accounts-and-keys.md

| ECDSA     | P-256     | ECDSA_P256      | 2    |
| ECDSA     | secp256k1 | ECDSA_secp256k1 | 3    |

> *Please node that codes used for the keys here are different from the ones [defined in Cadence](https://docs.onflow.org/cadence/language/crypto/#signing-algorithms)*

Author: The Access API documentation refers to this page (https://docs.onflow.org/access-api/#account-key)

> *Please note that the codes used for the keys here are different from the ones [defined in Cadence](https://docs.onflow.org/cadence/language/crypto/#signing-algorithms)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Please note that the codes mention here are for the signature algorithms as used by the node API, and they are different from the ones [defined in Cadence](https://docs.onflow.org/cadence/language/crypto/#signing-algorithms)*
```
